In the last lecture we added this navigation and I also mention dead.
You can change the way you use your posture.
Right now we use slash slash service or even with these more complex notation we have Slash users as
the first element.
Now what happens if we just use servers here like this and just use users like this.
Let's save this without deleting slash.
Now if we click there on our links you'll still see this works absolutely fine.
Nothing changed.
Now let's go to our service component template file here.
And for now let's quickly add anchor tela element here.
Where we also add a router link where I add servers again reload page would be a fitting description.
So on the service component I now edit this router link where I basically want to make sure that I stay
on the service page which I'm already on.
So if you go to service here we see the reload page here if I click it you'll see we got an error this
error here ochreous because it doesn't find a route which is service slash servers.
Now this error won't occur if on the service component I turned this to slash service.
So to an absolute path it was a relative path here.
If we now have our console still open and I click reload page nothing of course nothing no arrow Chris
because now it simply navigates to a local host 4200 slash service.
As you can see down there and if we turned this back to a relative path the difference was that now
it tries to go slash service service.
So with a relative path it always depends upon if you specify any route or link to the end of your current
path.
And important year the current path depends on which component you are currently on.
That is why we could remove that in our navigation where we also use relative povs because that isn't
our route component.
This component is not loaded through the router.
So this route component always sits at local host 4200 slash nothing.
So this is always at our rude level which is why we can use relative povs here too.
But one layer below that once we loaded a route for example the service component This page is only
loaded if we are at slash service.
So if we add a relative route here this will now get appended to this route we are on.
So we'll try to load service slash service and therefore it gives us an error in our case because we
haven't registered a service slash service route.
Now of course using relative spot relative POS inside of active components active routes might be a
nice thing if you have nested routes.
Right now it will only break the app though.
Now you can also use relative povs with dot slash at the beginning.
This is the same as having nothing there.
And you can even navigate around like in a folder directory you could at dot dot slash which means go
up one level and then used at this to the lbf here.
Now if we do this inside of our a service component you will see by hover over this now it again only
tries to load slash servers and therefore we don't see an error because now it first goes back one level
which basically is to just our route pauvres so it removes one Poth and important part depends on the
route you're on.
So if you were on servers slash something and this would load this component it would remove both.
So this does not necessarily only remove one segment here it removes the currently loaded segment you
could say.
So in this case it removes this and then adds slash service again which is why this works and that is
how you can navigate around absolute paths with a slash at the beginning which will always get appended
to the root domain relative povs without a slash or with dot slash which means added to the currently
loaded Poth or dot dot slash and you can even add more of them to say well go back ones path go back
another path.
So always seen from the currently loaded component on and if that is something which is not 100 percent
clear.
You will see Froude its module but also feel free to play around with it add your own rotes add some
nesting add more complex pauvres and see how this works out.
But for now let's continue with our application.
I will remove this reload page link and that's enhanced as a bit more